hello my name is victoria in this
video I want to review a child
rooms video such plan as room tour
doing for the first time so be
condescending to you children last
time often I hang on the door
such here are all sorts of things like all who
go in without asking feed the sharks on
in fact they are absolutely normal
refer to visiting their room and
only in extreme cases when they us
warned that they do any
surprise and we forget begin to open
the doors
scream a lot here but now they have
I walk so you can safely all
consider let's say right now that
us room is divided into certain
zones and this here specifically goes
recreation area of it here they have
chest of drawers with light clothing type shorts
socks panty and T-shirts
well and two absolutely identical
beds with the same bedding
and the same blankets that's how they would be
this plan does not require some
individuality soft toys at least
me and the boys but donated to them in childhood
and so they don't even know so much
for the sake of some childishness how much
for the sake of memory they are kept sleeping with them further
on the wall and we have such a decor
a huge flower which is wonderful
has grown we support him he just
further and also in the decorative plan
here are the stars of the moon
such a plan that for one gain
sunlight and then glow in
the dark
here at the bed there is such a small
rug with poured his names real
stones from the sea
in the morning five minutes they are actively here
warming up tops
the child is generally loved
gutter rivers play with small
like cars like he goes on
on standard from us colors placard
here is this poster
the younger one is not given any letters therefore
Here we study by pressing with
sounds a little simple tape recorder
these collections of various books sit
discs with fairy tales so listen here
and in the corner there now I have
aromalampa Egyptian style in this
sometimes kids do
relaxing what are they typical
lavender here well then here we go
This zone is a little related to sport.
horizontal bar which for two hundred years he was
horizontal bar back in my spouse 's childhood here
Well, how would absolutely normal your
functions he still performs well and
punching bag further goes such
mesh in which boxing is stored
gloves and dumbbell board goes
marker on the other hand on chalk
she can draw here but she is the last
time is not very important therefore there
worth the visit and there is just still pretty
large when children need to express
somehow in this plan their study area
I have already shown creativity in detail
told what materials we have there
how it is kept all here but it looks like
here's a plan like a little bit
separated by a curtain closer to the big
arched window here goes on pretty
large piece of such
carpets on which the children on Puzikov in
play something well and further
go to this
sports area which we have
called headquarters here such a plan and even
I do not know how to say we just but
We planned to do it all by yourself to
don't bother much
we needed children to develop
physically therefore it was done with such
very small slope slide on
which they are elected to help goes
rope that hangs over here either way
by the hanging steps along
and as if he and the other option he
conjugate all the same with some
physical exertion that is very much
useful for children headquarters spacious
pretty upstairs not his
limited except for such here itself
bound ropes so that it does not crush
its massiveness here and the rope is very
tightly made children by him up the laser
no problem is a chest in the chest
children kept
various clothes so that they can
dress up all sorts of false mustache and
hats in general such a plan so that they could
arrange some theater the whole headquarters
kept on two main shelves this one
shelf I showed you it goes with
books with some basic
collections
such a plan here 2 regiment now I will show
in more detail under the slide we stand
box left box left robot and with
some small things medicinal well
looking inward we can say that
we are kept here just toys i
Recently went through packed
threw gave and so here we have 5
boxes we have enough of them to
children all neatly laid out for some
personal topics asked how
injured some creative stuff yet
here and so temporarily in such and such Kiev
netted komodiki true division there
Comes and of course we’ll paint
for sculpting and some tools and
untouchable box upstairs so
what's the best at the moment
baby well and let me go now
headquarters and show you more here
here upstairs there is such a dresser again
same Kiev in it we store various
types of constructors are so convenient for children
all at once here, but it also lowers
further here are just little books
format and not very aesthetic crusts
below we have a variety of creative
materials and games some kind of mosaic
which at the moment most
claimed by children and because
most of the stores in just a
leo storeroom here and below go too
various encyclopedias such a plan and
in principle on this children's room
completed it turns out that so we have it
here
everything looks like such a plan if you
something specifically interested write box
do treat I wish everyone parts all bye